# nuts 0.5.4.0
Network Updatable Things Services

### nuts 0.5.4.0 Change Log
    - Added lucene indexing facility (thanks to the excellent work of nasreddine bac ali)
    - Removed dependencies to common,strings, io and utils (utility classes).
    - Removed dependencies to asm (bytecode manipulation).
    - From Now on only gson and jansi are retained.
    - Layout changes
        * from now on configuration will be version specific. some migration should be done to import previous configs
        * system (global) repo is no more created under the workspace. Only a link to is is registered in nuts-workspace.json
        * added MacOs Layout. Help is needed for testing this !
    - Better support for JDK 8+ (New IO,Predicates, Streams, ...)
    - Added Comprehensive implementation of Iterator (Stream Like) to better handle result iteration while search is in progress
    - Speed improvements
    - Added JUnit test battery
    - Added support to JSON,PROPS and PLAIN result, implemented in version and info. Should continue implementing in other commands.
    - Removed --license, --update, --install, ... options, replaced by workspace "internal" commands new concept.
    - Workspaces handle several type of executables that will be resolved in that order : "internal command","aliases : aka workspace command aliases", "components",
      "path/unmanaged components" and system/native commands.
    - Several Fixes
        * Fixed Problem with Layout
        * Fixed Problem coloring (fprint embedded library)
        * All System properties now start with "nuts."
        * System properties starting with "nuts.export." are exported to children processes
        * Added watch dog agains infinite child process creation

